README.md, before:

# How to show Gainsight PX engagements using the WebView2 control in .NET applications

.NET version 6.0
- Install the SDK - https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet/6.0

Required packages
- Microsoft.WebWebView2 - https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Web.WebView2/1.0.2210.55
- Newtonsoft.Json - https://www.nuget.org/packages/Newtonsoft.Json/13.0.1
- Gainsight PX SDK 1.3.6 (or later version)
  - Download the SDK from https://support.gainsight.com/PX/API_for_Developers/SDKs/Gainsight_PX_C_SDK#Engagements
  - Copy `GainsightPX.dll` to `GainsightWpfApp\GainsightPX.1.3.6\GainsightPX\net6.0` directory
  - Copy `GainsightPX.WPF` to `GainsightWpfApp\GainsightPX.1.3.6\GainsightPX.WPF\net6.0-windows` directory

Open `GainsightWpfApp.sln` with Visual Studio 2022
- Set your product key and your user ID in `GainsightConstants.cs`
- `WebView2WrapperControl` is a user control that wraps the WPF [WebView2 HWndHost](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.wpf.webview2)
- `MainWindow.ReferenceControl` is a `Grid` that is used as a reference to position the web control
- Build and run the application
  - The _Navigate_ button shows how to navigate to a web page using an instance of `WebView2WrapperControl`
  - The _Start Engagement_ button shows how to display Gainsight PX engagement with the `WebView2WrapperControl`

![img](gainsight-wpf-webview2.gif)

# Known Issues

The Gainsight PX browser window does not move with the main application window. It also does not minimize or maximize with the main window.<br/>
Workaround: Create a listener to reposition the browser window whenever the main window is moved, resized, minimized or  maximized.<br/>

![img](open-issue-not-moving-with-main-window.gif)

Commit message:

Update README - Unset reference control to fix an issue with the browser window not moving with the main window

README.md, after:

# How to show Gainsight PX engagements using the WebView2 control in .NET applications

.NET version 6.0
- Install the SDK - https://dotnet.microsoft.com/en-us/download/dotnet/6.0

Required packages
- Microsoft.WebWebView2 - https://www.nuget.org/packages/Microsoft.Web.WebView2/1.0.2210.55
- Newtonsoft.Json - https://www.nuget.org/packages/Newtonsoft.Json/13.0.1
- Gainsight PX SDK 1.3.6 (or later version)
  - Download the SDK from https://support.gainsight.com/PX/API_for_Developers/SDKs/Gainsight_PX_C_SDK
  - Copy `GainsightPX.dll` to `GainsightWpfApp\GainsightPX.1.3.6\GainsightPX\net6.0` directory
  - Copy `GainsightPX.WPF` to `GainsightWpfApp\GainsightPX.1.3.6\GainsightPX.WPF\net6.0-windows` directory

Open `GainsightWpfApp.sln` with Visual Studio 2022
- Set your product key and your user ID in `GainsightConstants.cs`
- `WebView2WrapperControl` is a user control that wraps the WPF [`WebView2 HWndHost`](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.web.webview2.wpf.webview2)
- `MainWindow.ReferenceControl` is a `Grid` that is used as a reference to position the web control
  - If you don't set a reference control via `Gainsight.Client.SetEngagementReference()`, Gainsight will use the main application window as the reference
- Build and run the application
  - The _Navigate_ button shows how to navigate to a web page using an instance of `WebView2WrapperControl`
  - The _Start Engagement_ button shows how to display Gainsight PX engagement with the `WebView2WrapperControl`

![img](gainsight-wpf-webview2.gif)

# Known Issues

When you set a reference control via `Gainsight.Client.SetEngagementReference()`, the Gainsight PX browser window does not move with the main application window.<br/>
It also does not minimize or maximize with the main window.<br/>
_Workaround:_ Create a listener to reposition the browser window whenever the main window is moved, resized, minimized or  maximized.<br/>

![img](open-issue-not-moving-with-main-window.gif)
